minor doc updates and fixes, tutorials chapter (#4723)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/guides/tutorials/phoenix_github_oauth.rst

with the EdgeDB driver, as well as modules and queries related to user
registration via GitHub OAuth.

> ``Ecto`` provides ``Ecto.Changeset`` s, which are convenient to use when
> working with ``Ecto.Schema`` to validate external parameters and we can use
> them also using ``EdgeDBEcto``, though not quite as fully as we can with the
> full-featured adapters for ``Ecto``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Ecto`` provides "changesets" (via ``Ecto.Changeset``), which are convenient
to use when working with ``Ecto.Schema`` to validate external parameters. We
could use them via ``EdgeDBEcto`` instead, though not quite as fully as we can
with the full-featured adapters for ``Ecto``.
```

Trying to avoid the dangling "s" and also break this long sentence up a bit. I'm not totally confident I understood the original, so please check my understanding before you accept.

    str_lower(.email) = str_lower(<str>$email)
  limit 1

It is worth noting the ``# edgedb = :query_single!`` and
``# mapper = GitHubOAuth.Accounts.User`` comments. Both are special comments
that will be used by ``EdgeDBEcto`` when generating query functions. The
``edgedb`` comment defines the driver function for requesting data.
Information on all supported features can be found in the driver
`documentation <https://hexdocs.pm/edgedb/EdgeDB.html#functions>`_.
The ``mapper`` comment is used to define the module that will be used to map

> the result from EdgeDB to some other form. Our ``Ecto.Schema`` s support this
> with ``use EdgeDBEcto.Mapper`` expression at the top of the module definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the result from EdgeDB to some other form. Our ``Ecto.Schema`` schemas support
this with ``use EdgeDBEcto.Mapper`` expression at the top of the module
definition.
```

The queries for `getting the identity <get-identity-query_>`_ and
`getting the user by ID <get-user-by-id-query_>`_ are quite similar to the
above, so we will omit them here. You can find these queries in the
`example repository <repository_>`_.

.. _get-identity-query:
    https://github.com/edgedb/edgedb-examples/blob/main/
    phoenix-github-oauth/priv/edgeql/accounts/get_identity_for_user.edgeql

.. _get-user-by-id-query:

>   https://github.com/edgedb/edgedb-examples/blob/main/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    https://github.com/edgedb/edgedb-examples/blob/main/
```

>   phoenix-github-oauth/priv/edgeql/accounts/get_user_by_id.edgeql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    phoenix-github-oauth/priv/edgeql/accounts/get_user_by_id.edgeql
```

Awesome! We're almost done with our application!

As a final step in this tutorial, we will add 2 routes for the web

> application. The first will redirect the user to the GitHub OAuth page if
> they're not already logged in, and show their username otherwise. And the
> second one is for logging into the application through GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application. The first will redirect the user to the GitHub OAuth page if
they're not already logged in or will show their username otherwise. The second
is for logging into the application through GitHub.
```
